[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 20]
Hello?
Why haven't I heard from you
All afternoon?
I fell asleep.
I'll be discharged tomorrow.
I know.
Come pick me up.
Okay.
[Inpatient Building]
Can you do it?
Of course I can.
I always trim
My own hair.
Don't worry.
I can definitely do it.
Your hair is too long.
Don't you find it annoying that it's covering your eyes?
It's bit annoying indeed.
I think
You'd look good with long hair, too.
I don't want that.
It's too much trouble.
Don't blow your bangs.
Come on.
I'll sweep the hair away
Later.
How is it?
Does it look good?
These are your little hair clippings.
What are they for?
Keeping them as souvenirs?
Let's go downstairs and sunbathe.
Okay.
Let me untie it for you.
After I'm discharged tomorrow,
You can be
With your boyfriend every day.
Are you happy?
There's a more
Beautiful place ahead.
You haven't been here before, right?
I really haven't been here before.
It's so beautiful.
It's fine.
I can do this.
I told you we should come out for a walk.
Lu Xixiao.
Let's...
Play hide and seek.
Okay?
You want to play hide and seek?
Why do you suddenly want to play
Hide and seek?
Do you remember
What I told you before?
What did you say?
♪ People ask me how to heal ♪
You need to go see the vast world,
♪ But what's the point of questioning the leaving? ♪
Walk on a broad road,
Be happy every day
♪ Naiveness is always used in the wrong place ♪
And stay safe every year.
Why are you suddenly talking about this,
Silly girl?
♪ Sadly, I didn't notice anything ♪
To congratulate you on being discharged.
I'm going to hide now.
♪ The panic in your steps ♪
You have to close your eyes.
♪ Is the symphony named betrayal ♪
You are so childish.
Close your eyes now.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay.
I've closed my eyes.
♪ Your silent answer ♪
I'll count down from ten.
♪ Is the confusion that pushed me to the valley bottom ♪
Ten.
♪ Me and myself ♪
Nine.
Eight.
♪ The unsettled self ♪
Seven.
♪ Dancing at night ♪
Six, five, four!
♪ I want to calm my broken heart ♪
Three.
♪ Looking at myself ♪
Two.
I'm coming.
♪ With those traces of being teased ♪
Lu Xixiao!
♪ I want to show my love but I always step on the glass ♪
I'm coming.
♪ If promises can't be broken ♪
Lu Xixiao!
I lied to you.
♪ If true love can't be abandoned ♪
I don't love you at all.
♪ I'm the only one left to heal myself ♪
Since the first day I approached you,
My purpose has always been
Asking Guo Xiangling for money.
♪ People ask me how to heal ♪
I went to Yicheng with you
Because I just wanted to
Escape from all of this, too.
♪ But what's the use of waking up the one who pretends to be drunk? ♪
Even when I
Told you that
I didn't make a deal with your dad,
-it was also a lie. -What are you talking about, Zhou Wan?
I lied to you about everything.
♪ Expectation are always used on the wrong occasions ♪
Stop talking about it!
I knew you wouldn't go,
So I tried every means
To make you go.
♪ Sadly, I didn't reject anything ♪
I've been using you
From beginning to end.
Zhou Wan.
Come out and tell me whatever you want to say.
Okay, Zhou Wan?
Come out first.
♪ The panic in your steps ♪
Zhou Wan!
♪ Is the symphony named betrayal ♪
You can hate me.
Just forget about me.
What do you mean, Zhou Wan?
Come out!
♪ Your silent answer ♪
♪ Is the confusion that pushed me to the valley bottom ♪
♪ Me and myself ♪
Let's break up.
♪ The unsettled self ♪
♪ Dancing at night ♪
♪ I want to calm my broken heart ♪
Zhou Wan!
♪ Looking at myself ♪
♪ With those traces of being teased ♪
Zhou Wan.
♪ I want to show my love but I always step on the glass ♪
Zhou Wan!
♪ If promises can't be broken ♪
Zhou Wan, I'm begging you, Zhou Wan.
Can you just come out first?
Come out and tell me whatever you want to say.
♪ If true love can't be abandoned ♪
Okay, Zhou Wan?
Zhou Wan.
Zhou Wan, just come out first. Okay?
♪ I'm the only one left to heal myself ♪
Come out and tell me whatever you want to say.
I'll listen to you.
♪ The unsettled self ♪
Zhou Wan, just come out. Okay?
♪ Dancing at night ♪
♪ I want to calm my broken heart ♪
♪ Looking at myself ♪
♪ With those traces of being teased ♪
♪ I want to show my love but I always step on the glass ♪
♪ Me and myself ♪
♪ The unsettled self ♪
♪ Dancing at night ♪
♪ I want to calm my broken heart ♪
♪ Looking at myself ♪
♪ With those traces of being teased ♪
♪ I want to show my love but I always step on the glass ♪
♪ If promises can't be broken ♪
♪ If true love can't be abandoned ♪
♪ I'm the only one left to heal myself ♪
[One month later]
[Welcome to Grammy Music Bar]
Drink slowly.
Thank you!
Don't drink too much. Okay?
Drink slowly.
Well...
I understand you're in a bad mood.
You've just recovered.
Can you drink less?
In a relationship,
Having an argument is quite normal.
Just butter her up a bit.
Wait a few days
Till you both calm down,
And then just go butter her up.
Gu Meng and I are like this, too.
Good evening, everyone.
My name is Lin Na.
I'd like to sing a song
And dedicate it to someone.
He happens to be here today.
And tonight
Happens to be a Sunday night.
-Are you alright? -So I'd like to sing a song called...
"A Date on Sunday Night."
[Welcome to Grammy Music Bar]
It's dedicated to
Lu Xixiao.
Do you know her?
She seems to be from Yangming, too.
♪ Lighting a candle ♪
♪ Let it illuminate his face ♪
Why are you pouring another glass of wine?
♪ If your voice is hoarse ♪
♪ It'll lead to more imaginations ♪
♪ The warm night breeze ♪
[Welcome to Grammy Music Bar]
♪ Has filled the corridor ♪
♪ Wet clothes ♪
♪ Flowing waves ♪
♪ Don't think about tomorrow ♪
♪ The next second will pass in an instant ♪
She sings pretty well.
♪ Listen to a long joke ♪
♪ Fill up all the cracks ♪
♪ I don't want to live a wandering life ♪
♪ I don't care what belief he has ♪
♪ What does the world have to do with me? ♪
♪ It's getting late ♪
It's late now.
Let's have a few more drinks and leave.
♪ His obsession ♪
Okay?
♪ Let me treasure all this in my heart ♪
♪ The record is spinning ♪
♪ Let me finish this cigarette ♪
Drink slowly.
♪ Just stay here with me ♪
♪ Even if we just wander around ♪
What are you doing?
♪ And do nothing ♪
I can understand
You're in a bad mood.
♪ Go on a date with me ♪
But you've just recovered.
♪ On this Sunday night ♪
[Sent a new message]
Lu Xixiao.
I know you don't know me.
[Lu Xixiao, this is the money you lent me. I don't think it's enough.]
[But this is all I have now.]
However...
[I'll return the rest to you later.]
I've had a crush on you for a long time.
So,
Would you like to go on a date with me?
A date! A date! A date!
[Please receive the money.]
[Loading]
[Receive Money]
[You have received the money.]
A date! A date! A date!
A date!
No, no. Thanks, thanks.
No need.
Thank you. Thanks.
Sure.
Come on. Let's go.
Let's go home.
You're drunk.
Come on.
Let's go home.
[Slow down, Xiaoliu.]
[From now on, I'm your sister. Call me Sister.]
[Don't try to establish a relationship with it.]
[You're so handsome.]
[I thought it'd be fun to date you.]
[This is so boring.]
[The end.]
So you can't endure it already?
I think he's even more interesting now.
[Big Ocean Motorcycle Workshop]
There's also a cardboard box
That has arrived with Xiaoliu.
Why did you carry it over here?
This parcel is for you.
You have to deal with
Your own stuff by yourself.
Xiaoliu.
What's wrong? Are you thirsty?
Let's go.
A package from Yicheng?
Did you go traveling?
I went out for a trip
Some time ago
And left something in the guesthouse.
The owner insisted on sending it to me.
I'm going to throw it away.
[Lu Xixiao's Review Key Points and Compilation of Past Exam Questions]
Notes for reviewing?
Are you going to review lessons?
[This kind of question is very tricky. Read the questions carefully.]
Your handwriting is so delicate.
It looks like a girl's.
[Big Ocean Motorcycle Workshop]
Don't touch things that aren't yours.
Okay?
I'm sorry.
Are you angry?
You may go first.
Then I'm leaving now.
Let me see you off.
If you have something to say, just say it.
Let's stop seeing each other.
Give me a reason.
I'm just a bit tired.
You know what?
You're nothing special.
[Slide up to answer, Slide down to hang up]
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Please try again later.
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Please try again later.
The...
[Slide up to answer, Slide down to hang up]
Hello.
The number you have dialed...
[Zhou Wan]
[Slide up to answer, Slide down to hang up]
Hello.
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Hello.
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Hello.
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Please try again later.
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Please try again later.
Hello.
The number you have dialed
Is busy.
Please try again later.
The number you have dialed...
[Recent Calls]
[Zhou Wan]
♪ Infinite descent ♪
♪ Gradually sinking ♪
♪ The bubbles I once held tightly ♪
Please bless Wan
♪ Cannot hold onto this flicker ♪
To get good grades next year.
♪ Nothing to do with love or fate ♪
Please bless Wan
♪ Ending without a cause ♪
With a lifetime of success,
♪ The unease once touched ♪
Joyfulness
♪ Smooths out the wrinkles of the heart ♪
And happiness.
♪ Even if you remove the rooted mask ♪
♪ Let joy and sorrow be laid bare ♪
Please bless Xixiao
♪ Still cannot hide the shadow behind ♪
With a lifetime of happiness and peace.
♪ Hysterical collapse ♪
♪ If meeting means destined separation ♪
Please bless Xixiao with a lifetime of happiness and peace.
♪ Then it is an addiction life cannot bear ♪
♪ Let me fail, or bloom until the flower fades ♪
Please bless Xixiao with a lifetime of happiness and peace.
♪ That's all it is ♪
♪ When, where, has it ever appeared ♪
♪ A world without ignorance, without desire, without end ♪
♪ I come, I go, I stay, yet I am not myself ♪
♪ As if in madness, as if in a dream, arriving as promised ♪
Zhou Wan.
As long as you say...
You love me,
I'll just forgive you for everything.
♪ Infinite descent ♪
♪ Gradually sinking ♪
♪ The bubbles I once held tightly ♪
♪ Cannot hold onto this flicker ♪
♪ Nothing to do with love or fate ♪
Lu Xixiao.
♪ Ending without a cause ♪
♪ The unease once touched ♪
I don't love you.
♪ Smooths out the wrinkles of the heart ♪
I've been lying to you.
♪ Even if you remove the rooted mask ♪
♪ Let joy and sorrow be laid bare ♪
♪ Still cannot hide the shadow behind ♪
♪ Hysterical collapse ♪
♪ If meeting means destined separation ♪
♪ Then it is an addiction life cannot bear ♪
Don't let me see you again.
♪ Let me fail, or bloom until the flower fades ♪
Otherwise, I'll definitely make you
Beg me in tears.
♪ That's all it is ♪
♪ When, where, has it ever appeared ♪
♪ A world without ignorance, without desire, without end ♪
♪ I come, I go, I stay, yet I am not myself ♪
♪ As if in madness, as if in a dream, arriving as promised ♪
[Please bless Wan with a lifetime of success, joyfulness and happiness.]
[Please bless Xixiao with a lifetime of happiness and peace.]
That was a failed,
Long
And deceitful summer.
[October, 2016]
Well, take a look.
Jiang Yan and I are the only ones here
-that have the least amount. -So what?
So what?
How could you only offer 10 yuan?
That's ridiculous.
100 yuan.
Today, I'm going to
Buy this wind turbine system.
Which of you will sell it?
How dare you offer that?
I-I-I need to take a call.
I need to take a call.
I'll be right back.
A girl is calling him, right?
Yeah.
It's a bit of a buzzkill when we're out here for fun.
Exactly.
Who wants it?
I want it.
20 yuan.
I'll pay 100 yuan.
I've told you I'll pay 100 yuan.
Hello, Mom.
Yan.
When will you come back?
Mom, what did you say?
It's too noisy.
I didn't hear you clearly just now.
When will you come back for the National Day holiday?
Mom.
I won't go back
During the holiday.
How about I buy you the train ticket?
Have you bought your train ticket?
Mom.
Just let me live alone from now on.
Exactly.
It's a bit of a buzzkill when we're out here for fun.
Who wants it?
I want it.
[January, 2017]
It's the New Year again.
We're getting a year older again.
That's so beautiful.
♪ Dim gray ♪
♪ Everything feels this way ♪
♪ Another deserted place ♪
♪ Swallowed by storm ♪
♪ Hold my breath ♪
♪ Run away from this mess ♪
♪ Look to the light instead ♪
♪ It's time to forget ♪
♪ Broken pieces of our memories ♪
♪ Stolen frozen ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ They're lost in a song ♪
♪ Taken from where they belong ♪
♪ Somewhere in this cold and bottomless pit ♪
♪ Something lingers ♪
♪ Hiding under a stitch ♪
Where is he?
♪ I thought I lost your remnant ♪
♪ But it's ♪
What is he doing there?
♪ Quiet as rain ♪
Dancing with Zhou Wan.
That's too lonely.
♪ Deep as the ocean ♪
I'll go dance with him for a while.
Don't go.
♪ I feel it stir stir stir ♪
♪ I still remember ♪
♪ Shines like a star ♪
♪ Glows like an ember ♪
♪ Float like a curse curse curse ♪
♪ Hurts like a sunburn ♪
♪ Broken pieces of our memories ♪
♪ Stolen frozen ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ They're lost in a song ♪
♪ Taken from where they belong ♪
♪ Stranded in this cold and bottomless pit ♪
♪ Makes me quiver ♪
♪ Crimson spell of a witch ♪
♪ I thought I'm over your magic ♪
I thought
Desperate
Rebellion and escape
♪ But it's ♪
Were an unsharpened sword
And a fully drawn bow
♪ Quiet as rain ♪
That could resist the whole world.
Unexpectedly, our rebellion
♪ Deep as the ocean ♪
Was full of loopholes.
♪ I feel it stir stir stir ♪
♪ I still remember ♪
[July, 2017]
♪ Shines like a star ♪
♪ Glows like an ember ♪
♪ Float like a curse curse curse ♪
[Acceptance Letter of Huaqing University]
♪ Hurts like a sunburn ♪
♪ Breaking me killing me ♪
Perhaps fate has always been
Irresistible and inescapable.
♪ Burning me set me on fire ♪
At the age of 18,
We couldn't save the world.
Nor could we change
♪ You stick like a shadow of mine ♪
Anyone at all.
If the price of changing all of this
Is losing love and freedom,
♪ Burning me set me on fire ♪
Then I will just accept this price
To lose them
♪ You stick like a shadow of mine ♪
And to grow up.
♪ Stick like a shadow of mine ♪
♪ Burnt by a creature ♪
[Unchangeable Fate]
♪ Of light ♪
[2026]
Morning, Coach.
Morning.
Mr. Niu.
Ms. Zhou Wan has said that
Although the rival company
Is not as famous as our Boxing,
They've handled quite a few large projects.
We can't underestimate them.
What? Didn't they just handle
Two pastoral-town projects?
What are you nervous about?
You look as if you've never experienced such big occasions.
But Ms. Zhou Wan has also said that
The rival company operates with
E-commerce platforms and brand marketing
Simultaneously.
They are very competitive.
Alright.
That's just to reduce costs
Indirectly.
What do you know?
You always make a fuss about nothing.
Ms. Zhou Wan has also said...
Zhou Wan, Zhou Wan...
Don't always talk about Zhou Wan.
Is she the manager or am I?
I wonder
Whether Zhou Wan has fed you any potions.
You always trust and listen to her blindly.
Besides...
Let me tell you.
I've been in this industry
Longer than Zhou Wan has been alive.
The Bid Presentation Meeting is about to start.
Where is Zhou Wan?
I'll call her right now.
Hurry up.
How dare she even be late for the Bid Presentation Meeting?
That top student
Is really putting on airs.
What are you nervous about?
Why are you nervous?
Hurry up! Keep looking for her!
I'm old now.
I'm no match for you guys anymore.
Good shot!
I still can't get in touch with her.
From today onwards,
Zhou Wan is no longer
Our Boxing's employee.
Mr. Zhang Jr. is here.
Later,
This proposal presentation...
[Boxing Construction]
Well, w-will be entrusted to you.
I...
-I really can't do it. -That's it.
Mr. Niu.
-You can definitely do it. -Mr. Niu.
Hurry up.
Mr. Niu, you've been in this industry
Much longer than I have.
I'll give you a promotion and a pay raise.
[Xingrong Construction]
[Wantuo Real Estate]
[Project Cooperation Proposal Presentation and Communication Seminar]
Shall we begin?
Let's begin.
Wantuo Group's
[Boxing Construction]
Bid Presentation Meeting for the West Coast Town Project
Begins now.
[Xingrong Construction]
Wantuo Group.
We're from Boxing Construction.
Miss,
You play really well.
As for that shot of yours just now,
Even if the opponent could catch it,
He probably wouldn't be able to hit it back.
Thank you.
I've long heard that
You are the real master, Mr. Zhang.
You can surely see through
These small tricks of mine.
You know me?
How about
We play a round together?
I'm here to look for you indeed.
We can have a tennis match anytime.
But Wantuo Group's
West Coast Town Project
Will fail at the last stage
After today.
[Xingrong Construction]
[Boxing Construction]
[Evaluator, Wantuo Real Estate]
[Wantuo Real Estate]
[Project Cooperation Proposal Presentation and Communication Seminar]
[Result of the Comparison]
Now I announce that
Our Wantuo Group's
[Evaluator, Wantuo Real Estate]
[Xingrong Construction]
West Coast Town Project
Will ultimately be entrusted to
[Boxing Construction]
[Evaluator, Wantuo Real Estate]
Xingrong...
[Xingrong Construction]
[Boxing Construction]
Do you have any manners? Hey...
Mr. Zhang.
Dad, you...
Why are you here, Dad?
Zhou Wan.
Take a look.
And you guys, too.
How did you do the background checks?
After this is over,
All of you have to come to my office!
If you want to quit your job,
Just tell me.
I'll write a report.
I announce that
The West Coast Town Project
Will be entrusted to Boxing Construction.
[Xingrong Construction]
What?
How can that be?
Why?
Isn't it quite embarrassing?
Did you do something special,
Ms. Zhou Wan?
The rival company lost a lawsuit the day before yesterday.
Their building was rated as dangerous.
Why didn't you tell me
Such an important matter?
Their company wasn't the primary defendant.
The construction quality was fine,
But the real estate developer added an unauthorized extension,
Which implicated them.
That's not really a stain on their record.
[Boxing Construction]
If it were Mr. Zhang Jr.,
He would think the same as you.
But Mr. Zhang Sr. is different.
In the past few years,
He has been getting ready to retire.
He values reputations the most right now.
The rival company was afraid of being discovered,
So they concealed the case.
But Mr. Zhang Sr. just thought
[Boxing Construction]
They had lost basic integrity.
He feared there might be hidden dangers in their future cooperation.
You can always handle things properly,
Ms. Zhou Wan.
You should have told us earlier.
I only got the materials this morning,
So I went to see
Mr. Zhang Sr. at the last minute.
However, Mr. Niu,
With you being in charge here,
It was certainly not a big problem.
As your deputy,
I should solve problems for you
And add the finishing touch to your work.
[Boxing Construction]
Let me do it.
Well, over these years,
To some extent, you've learnt a lot
As my subordinate.
But after this,
The Lanyue
Resort Project
Is the top priority. Just after this...
When it comes to rewards and punishments, I'm quite impartial.
Whatever happens by that time,
Just work hard,
And everything can be discussed properly.
After you.
Thank you, Mr. Niu.
You're welcome.
I'll take a day off tomorrow.
Ms. Zhou Wan.
Since you joined the company,
You've never asked for a leave.
Why are you asking for a leave today?
I need to pick someone up at the airport.
Um?
Who's this person that makes you even
Want to miss the celebration party?
Someone important.
I'm at the exit.
Have you gotten off the shuttle bus?
As soon as you come out,
You'll be able to see me right away.
[Int'l & Hong Kong/Macau/Taiwan Arrivals]
I'm carrying my luggage
And walking out.
To celebrate my success in getting
Wantuo's project
And to celebrate your return,
You can pick whatever you want for dinner tonight.
It's so simple, huh?
Are you fobbing me off?
Then what do you want?
Aren't you tired after this whole flight?
Am I tired?
I'm a bit tired indeed.
But we still have to
Handle the important stuff first,
Right?
I can see you now.
I can see you, too.
Welcome back,
Senior.
You sound so distant calling me Senior.
Mr. Jiang.
[Int'l & Hong Kong/Macau/Taiwan Arrivals]
Let's go.
Let's go. What do you want to eat tonight?
My treat.
[Welcome Chinese Picasso Back to China with Glory!]
How is it?
Are you surprised?
-Is it unexpected? -What exactly are you doing?
What are you doing?
What exactly are you doing?
I've been running around for you in China and abroad,
Taking care of both your career and life.
So you just hit me as soon as we met?
Put it away. Put it away at once.
Eddie.
Hello.
Long time no see.
I'm going to change my manager.
Do you even have any humanity?
-Carry the suitcase. -Lu Xixiao.
Thank you so much.
You came all the way from France.
Come on.
Don't mention it.
We've worked together so many times.
We're family now.
Well,
That's why I got to count on you this time for the exhibition.
Stop chatting.
What will we eat later?
What will we eat?
Didn't you say you would treat me to a big meal?
[Unchangeable Fate]